Queue the graduation music,
you've made it to the
end of the course.
Congrats, it's been
a long journey
and you should feel really
excited for making it here.
By now, you're much
more familiar with
the operating system and
the many different tasks that you
can accomplish using Python.
You know how to create,
change, and delete
files and directories.
You know how to process text
with regular expressions
both with Python and
with system tools.
You've learned how
to interact with
system processes by starting
them and sending signals to them.
You've got some experience
with automatically testing
your code to make sure that
it does what it should.
You've dipped your toes into
some Bash scripting and
you've topped all of this
off by solving a complex
real-world problem
with the coding road.
I hope that you had a
lot of fun getting here.
The most fun and
rewarding part of
my job as a system administrator,
is getting the code to work.
Sometimes the path to
accomplish what you
want isn't straightforward
and inevitably,
you're going to
make some mistakes.
But there's nothing
like the moment of
clarity you get when you
spot the change that you
need to make so that
everything works
like magic, huge win.
The first automation
script that I ever
wrote was for a
previous job I had.
We had a handful of servers,
and on a monthly basis,
we would manually
archives some files,
check for updates and install
them if there were any.
It was a pretty repetitive task
and not the best use of our time.
After the second round of
going through this process,
I wrote a script that automated
all these steps in
the same order.
I also created a log file of
what the script was doing.
It was so satisfying to execute
the code and see it work.
I hope you have lots of
opportunities to share
that same feeling. All right.
I had a real blast spending this
time with you and
sharing a little bit of
my story and my passion for
IT and system administration.
It isn't easy to learn
some of these concepts,
so thank you for
sticking with it.
On behalf of my colleagues
who you've met,
or who you'll meet
in other courses,
we'd like to say good
luck and we hope to see
you out there in the world
putting your new
skills into action.